# Web-Portfolio
I will be doing Option A for this web design project. Even though most people in HR don't have website portfolios, I want to try to incorporate some of the skills related to HR in my website, including a link to my resume and Linkedin. That is where a lot of my skills will be located, and I think that having a direct link to my resume and LinkedIn will allow future employers to see my skills and understand my background. I will also give a link on LinkedIn to follow my account, which will help expand my network. I will include my other two soundscape narrative and visual argument to show that I have some social media experience, since this will be significant for talent acquisition. I will also make the page on the simpler side with easy-to-read font to enhance the professional look of my website. My background would probably be a plain white, and I would maybe include a short description of who I am in the middle of the web page so people can catch a glimpse of who I am as a person and a worker. Then, if they are interested in me, they can press on the links to research me further. Then, I might include a short description of each project linked (soundscape narrative and visual argument) and write how those skills used in those projects might prepare me for the HR realm in some capacity. Lastly, I think it's important that I include photos of my work and me outside of working to show future employers what my life looks like. It will also make the page more engaging. 
